Hello, my name is Shola Jolaosho, thank you for taking time out of 
your busy schedule to talk to me. I currently reside in Sandy Springs GA, and Graduated From Njit 
obtaining my BSc in Information Technology and Minor in computer Science. I am certified AWS Solution
Architect and Professional Google cloud certifed. 
However, I am currently looking to make a lateral moved 
for professional development and growth. Over the years I’ve been on several engagements both in the Medical 
and commercial space where I have utilized my expertise to 
solve everyday task problems and analytical problem  working in the cloud,

Over the years, I gotten comfortable working with several clients, providing several 
solutions by utilizing AWS/GCP resources and continue to learn new technology to help improve
my skills and expertise. I hope that by joining your company, 
I will expand my knowledge  of cloud Engineers and Architect as well as leverage the great resources 
offered by your company to make great strides in administering and management of your environment. 
I look forward to having a great conversation with you today and thank 
you again for your time.

 

My current project involves providing several cloud service solutions,Dashboard Monitoring for Appilcation
uptime checks, missing agent. also involved in deployment of various applications, and 
constant maintenance.I have recently wrote a playbook to install ops-agent accross our Vms in Gcp platform 
also, also write a terraform code to streamline the process of  modifying/creating  firewall rules so no end users 
needs to modify the files directly and which allows us for a wider range of users to take firewall creation and 
provide timely and efficient solutions to the client.IAM & Admin services account, labels and tags 
creating powershell script that send a trigger to the pub sub in GCP which create Notification.

Also create budget alert cost for project in billing account for forcasted amount or threshhold billing for
optimization.

If the SQL backup date falls within the File Maintenance window of DR Activity, 
all DR Activity can be reprocessed by setting sequences to Pending.

Question to Ask Intervierwer:
Are there opportunities for training and progression within the role/ and withing the company.
What are some of the challenges to  expect the person in this position to face wrapping 
withing the company culture and environment 


